Software instructions (how to use the program)
	Detailed, step-by step instructions for how to use the program
	Be sure to mention why we need to both create lists and sort them
	Mention what would happen if you didn't folow the instruciotns carefully

1.) First what happens in the code is the code prints a everything that you can do and a number corilated to every action
2.) The user needs to input what ever number that is corilated to what they want to be exicuted
3.) If you want to add one number to a list then press on as shown on the program
	a.) The computer will tell you to type an intiger in so once you do it will add it to a list
4.) If you want to add a bunch of numbers to the list as shown printed on the screen then input 2 into the code
	a.) The computer will tell you to type in the number of integers that you would like
	b.) Then the computer will ask what range of numbers would you would like to be printed 
	c.) Then the computer will print the number of numbers that you input to part a and they will be random numbers between
		0 and your input to part b
5.) If you want to find an item at in index then enter "3" as shown printed on the home screen of the program
	a.) The computer will ask what index position do you want to search and then input the answer to this
	b.) The program will then print what number is corilated to that index postion
6.) If you want to sort your list then enter "4" as shown on the program.
	a.) The program will ask you if you want to see the program and Y= yes and N=no
	b.) If you said Y then the lines will be printed onto your screen 
7.) If you want two random numbers out of your list then enter "5"
8.) If you want to search the worst way posable then enter "6"
	a.) The program will ask you what number are you looking for and input the answer to this question
	b.) The program will print at what index position your number is at
9.) If you would like to play it dangerous and do a recursive search then enter "7" as shown corilating to recursice search
	a.) The program will ask what number are you looking for then you should input the answer to this in
	b.) The program will input the index position that this is at then return you to the home screen
10.) If you would like to be safe and want to Iterative search then enter "8" as shown on the screen
	a.) The program will ask what number are you looking for then you should input the answer to this in
	b.) The program will input the index position that this is at then return you to the home screen
11.) If you would like to print your list then input "9" as shown on the screen and it will print out your list
12.) If you would like to close the program then enter "10" into the program as showm in the home screen
13.) If at any point the program enters error it means that eather your number that you were searching for was wrong or you input something other than the program wanted you to enter.


Description of how our two binary learch alborithums work
	Explane how binary search works, it's requirements, and limitations (appron. 1-2 paragraphs)
	Explane how the recursive algorithums use recursion to accomplish this search
	Explain how the interative algorithms accomplishes the same thing
	Total lencth (3-4 paragraphs)

	Binary search works by first puting all of the numbers into a difrent list and sorting them from lowest to 
highest and also taking out the duplacite numbers. Once all of the numbers are sorted the program marks numbers as high 
and low. It asigns high to the value of the number in the largest index position and it asings low to the number with 
the index position of 0. Then it asigns mid a number by taking the value of high plus the value of low and deviding it by two.
At the start of this program you input what you would like for the computer to search for. If the mid value is equal to the users 
input then it will say what index mid is looking at. If the number mid is asigned to is lower than the uders input then low will become
where mid is and mid will become where the middle of low and high is by the equasion at the start of this parigraph. If 
the users input is lower then where mid is then high becomes where mid was and mid yet again becomes the mid of high and low. This 
goes on until the mid is equal to the users input and prints the index postion.

	The recursive algorithum is like a loop until mid is equal to the users input even if something is wrong in the code then 
it will go on forever until it crashed the computer or server or other thing like that. A recursive algorithum is where the algorithum is 
inside of the algorithum and will go techenicly for ever until your computer eather crashes or your computer more hopefully will
end on purpose when something is equal to something else that is said in the algorithum.

	The iterative algorithum dose not loop forever unlike the recursive algorithum. Instead the iterative algorithum is a while
loop where it uses if, elif, and else. At the start of the while loop it definds what high, low, and mid. The iterative search is 
much safer to do because with the recursive search it is posable that it runs forever if you made one mistake and it could crash
your computer or surver or other thing like that.


Description of the change you want to make to the program
	Identify how the program could be improved
	Describe a specific change you could make in order to make that specified improvement
	Copy/paste any new code you've written into the file as examples
	Total lencth: 1-2 paragraphs

	Because I was not able to make my own program due to shadowing and having a ton of work I will wright about what I would
do with my code and how I would do it. I would like to improve my program by first of all timing how long it takes to exicute every
function and how long it took. I think that this might be intresting to see the difrence in time for the difrence in amount of numbers 
and difrence in how the function searches. 




